# Project-1 <br>
Connections Lab <br> <br>
Documentation: Key concept(s) and/or intention(s) driving the project <br>
I am working on implementing a game concept into a short doc series - currently in progress. The Documentary series follows middle and high school age debaters involved in an afterschool program sponsored by the NYC Urban Debate League.  The concept of the game is connected to a prototype one of the coaches has been working on called "Flip Flop." The purpose of the project was to begin to find a way to create a fun engaging entry point to debating and the eventual webseries. There is much to still sort out in terms of format. I think once I have some of the episodes edited, it might be easier to conceive.  <br> <br>
Production decisions (i.e. technical, design, creative, etc.)<br>
I tried to keep the production decisions simple at this point in time as I am completely new to coding. I was looking for something reminiscent of Monty Python's titles from the Flying Circus series - hence the large hand and finger pointing image which is also a play on the idea of gesture in debating. <br> <br>
Major challenges and solutions (i.e. the most difficult aspects of the project for you and  how you attempted to address them)<br> <br>
Timing the json data file and the accompanying audio files was puzzling - I had to get help from Enrique in order to find the right command and timing. What I haven't figured out yet is how to place the button and coin on the page in such a way as to not jump when the json data appears. - So, layout for the elements has been challenging. I also tried to access another file for background changes and implement a P5 sketch - both of which i wasn't successful with - yet! <br> <br>
Lessons learned as well as potential next steps if work on the project continues <br> <br>
Next steps are to plan out the "game" design for engaging in debate through the site and perhaps creating a json file that would be a series of debate topics to be triggered by the coin flip.<br> <br>
Any relevant references/resources - granim.js (I tried to implement the animation of two layers using an animated transparency over an image.) nicole.pizza site was an inspiration for the concept of the coin - although my initial thought was to have the coin moving over the content of the webpage I was working on similar to the floating pizza image on the nicole.pizza site - but that seemed too advanced for me - so I looked for a simple coin flip to animate. 
